feat(content): Korath 'nra'ret (Ravager) (#7157)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/korath/korath ships.txt

	description `Constant warfare against surrounding aliens has been building pressure on Korath shipyards to recover some of their ancient prowess. Now, with a fresh industrial network to support their endeavors, the shipwrights of the Korath have updated the design to deal with modern targets.`

ship "Korath Ravager"
	sprite "ship/ravager"
	thumbnail "thumbnail/ravager"
	attributes
		category "Heavy Warship"

> 		"cost" 3760000

Reviewer: Should probably cost more than the 42.
```suggestion
		"cost" 24760000
```

		"shields" 32700
		"hull" 9850
		"required crew" 193
		"bunks" 221

> 		"mass" 1120

Reviewer: This brings the acceleration to a little lower than the Shield Beetle instead of a little lower than a Model 512.
The turn rate is now only slightly lower than a Hurricane instead of a decent chunk less.
```suggestion
		"mass" 979
```

		"weapon capacity" 520
		"engine capacity" 177
		weapon
			"blast radius" 300
			"shield damage" 4400
			"hull damage" 2200
			"hit force" 6600
	outfits
		"Korath Inferno" 2
		"Korath Fire-Lance" 2
		"Firelight Missile Bank" 6
		"Firelight Missile" 108

		"Systems Core (Large)"
		"Fuel Processor" 2
		"Plasma Core"
		"Triple Plasma Core"
		"Liquid Sodium Cooler"
		"Korath Repeater Rifle" 219

		"Afterburner (Lunar Class)"
		"Steering (Planetary Class)"
		"Thruster (Planetary Class)"
		"Jump Drive"

	engine -29 96
	engine 29 96
	engine 0 90 0.9
	gun -28 -133.5 "Korath Fire-Lance"
	gun 28 -133.5 "Korath Fire-Lance"
	gun -48.5 -85.5 "Firelight Missile Bank"
		angle 320
	gun 48.5 -85.5 "Firelight Missile Bank"
		angle 40
	gun -145 14.5 "Firelight Missile Bank"
		angle 250
	gun 145 14.5 "Firelight Missile Bank"
		angle 110
	gun -98 75 "Firelight Missile Bank"
		angle 190
	gun 98 75 "Firelight Missile Bank"
		angle 170
	turret -26.5 -11 "Korath Inferno"
	turret 26.5 -11 "Korath Inferno"
	explode "tiny explosion" 120
	explode "small explosion" 60
	explode "medium explosion" 70
	explode "large explosion" 50
	explode "huge explosion" 15
	"final explode" "final explosion large"

> 	description "The Korath Ravager is a powerful artillery ship armed with numerous missile ports, designed to rain fire on enemies before they are close enough to burn them up with their powerful heat lances."

Reviewer 2: Wait, does the enemy burn up the Ravager with their heat lances, or does the Ravager burn up the enemy with their heat lances?

Reviewer 3: I think `they are close` could be changed by `getting close enough`

> 	description "The Korath Ravager is powerful artillery ship armed with numerous missile ports, designed to rain fire down on enemies before they are close enough to burn them up with their powerful heat lances."

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description "The Korath Ravager is a powerful artillery ship armed with numerous missile ports, designed to rain fire on enemies before they are close enough to burn them up with their powerful heat lances."
```

	description `Constant warfare against surrounding aliens has been building pressure on Korath shipyards to recover some of their ancient prowess. Now, with a fresh industrial network to support their endeavors, the shipwrights of the Korath have updated the design to deal with modern targets.`

ship "Korath Ravager"
	sprite "ship/ravager"
	thumbnail "thumbnail/ravager"
	attributes
		category "Heavy Warship"
		"cost" 3760000
		"shields" 25000
		"hull" 6500
		"required crew" 277
		"bunks" 319
		"mass" 1260

> 		"drag" 12.3

Reviewer 5: Drag could def be lower, crew and bunks idk, mass is already p. low

> 		"drag" 12.3

Author: I'll take it down ton 11.3 for now.

> 		"heat dissipation" .7

Author: This one I'm still iffy about, since it's a very high heat dissipation for a Korath ship. It seems to run just fine at .7 but I'll give everyone some time to throw around suggestions

		"fuel capacity" 900
		"cargo space" 110
		"outfit space" 915
		"weapon capacity" 520

> 		"engine capacity" 177

Reviewer 5: Reversers seem a bit inappropriate for the role and sprite, to me.

> 		"engine capacity" 177

Reviewer 6: That's fair, but then I think we shouldn't stop the turning more than a single step even as we increase -either- the thruster or the AB size.

I think I'm personally leaning towards planetary thrust and AB with lunar steering.

I like the idea of having afterburners as big as the primary thrust to give this thing a REAL kick when it needs it. :)

> 		"engine capacity" 177

Author: Fortunately, dropping from Planetary Steering to Lunars, and raising from Lunar AB to Planetary, is just *one* tone more needed in outfit space- which is perfect as the default variant had 1 ton remaning. Will look at the Automata variant shortly.

		weapon
			"blast radius" 300
			"shield damage" 4400
			"hull damage" 2200
			"hit force" 6600
	outfits
		"Korath Inferno" 2
		"Korath Fire-Lance" 2
		"Firelight Missile Bank" 6
		"Firelight Missile" 108

		"Systems Core (Large)"
		"Fuel Processor" 2
		"Plasma Core"
		"Triple Plasma Core"
		"Liquid Sodium Cooler"
		"Korath Repeater Rifle" 219

		"Afterburner (Lunar Class)"
		"Steering (Planetary Class)"
		"Thruster (Planetary Class)"
		"Jump Drive"

	engine -29 96
	engine 29 96
	engine 0 90 0.9
	gun -28 -133.5 "Korath Fire-Lance"
	gun 28 -133.5 "Korath Fire-Lance"
	gun -48.5 -85.5 "Firelight Missile Bank"
		angle 320
	gun 48.5 -85.5 "Firelight Missile Bank"
		angle 40
	gun -145 14.5 "Firelight Missile Bank"
		angle 250
	gun 145 14.5 "Firelight Missile Bank"
		angle 110
	gun -98 75 "Firelight Missile Bank"
		angle 190
	gun 98 75 "Firelight Missile Bank"
		angle 170
	turret -26.5 -11 "Korath Inferno"

> 	turret 26.5 -11 "Korath Inferno"

Author: Hey I mean buffing the Ravager I'm not against at all :P

	explode "tiny explosion" 120
	explode "small explosion" 60
	explode "medium explosion" 70
	explode "large explosion" 50
	explode "huge explosion" 15
	"final explode" "final explosion large"

> 	description "The Korath Ravager is a powerful artillery ship armed with numerous missile ports, designed to rain fire on enemies before getting close enough to burn them up with their powerful heat lances."

Reviewer 5: 'nra'ret-class

	description `Constant warfare against surrounding aliens has been building pressure on Korath shipyards to recover some of their ancient prowess. Now, with a fresh industrial network to support their endeavors, the shipwrights of the Korath have updated the design to deal with modern targets.`

ship "Korath Ravager"
	sprite "ship/ravager"
	thumbnail "thumbnail/ravager"
	attributes
		category "Heavy Warship"
		"cost" 24760000
		"shields" 32700
		"hull" 9850
		"required crew" 193
		"bunks" 221
		"mass" 979
		"drag" 11.3
		"heat dissipation" .63
		"fuel capacity" 900
		"cargo space" 50
		"outfit space" 943

> 		"weapon capacity" 444

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"weapon capacity" 407
```
Still leaves space for the Crippler variant (though, the default variant is probably superior anyway).

		"engine capacity" 177
		weapon
			"blast radius" 300
			"shield damage" 4400
			"hull damage" 2200
			"hit force" 6600
	outfits

> 		"Korath Inferno" 2
> 		"Korath Warder"
> 		"Korath Fire-Lance" 2
> 		"Firelight Missile Bank" 6
> 		"Firelight Missile" 120
> 
> 		"Systems Core (Large)"
> 		"Fuel Processor" 2
> 		"Plasma Core"
> 		"Triple Plasma Core"
> 		"Liquid Sodium Cooler"
> 		"Korath Repeater Rifle" 219
> 
> 		"Afterburner (Planetary Class)"
> 		"Steering (Lunar Class)"
> 		"Thruster (Planetary Class)"
> 		"Jump Drive"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"Langrage Hyper-Heaver" 2
		"Korath Warder"
		"Korath Fire-Lance" 2
		"Firelight Missile Bank" 6
		"Firelight Missile" 190
		"Firelight Missile Rack" 7

		"Systems Core (Large)"
		"Systems Core (Medium)"
		"Fuel Processor" 3
		"Triple Plasma Core"
		"Liquid Sodium Cooler"
		"Korath Repeater Rifle" 219

		"Afterburner (Planetary Class)"
		"Steering (Lunar Class)"
		"Thruster (Planetary Class)"
		"Jump Drive"
```

	engine -29 96
	engine 29 96
	engine 0 90 0.9
	gun -28 -133.5 "Korath Fire-Lance"
	gun 28 -133.5 "Korath Fire-Lance"
	gun -48.5 -85.5 "Firelight Missile Bank"
		angle 320
	gun 48.5 -85.5 "Firelight Missile Bank"
		angle 40
	gun -145 14.5 "Firelight Missile Bank"
		angle 250
	gun 145 14.5 "Firelight Missile Bank"
		angle 110
	gun -98 75 "Firelight Missile Bank"
		angle 190
	gun 98 75 "Firelight Missile Bank"
		angle 170

> 	turret -32.5 -53.5 "Korath Inferno"
> 	turret 32.5 -53.5 "Korath Inferno"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	turret -32.5 -53.5 "Langrage Hyper-Heaver"
	turret 32.5 -53.5 "Langrage Hyper-Heaver"
```

	turret 0 -23 "Korath Warder"
	explode "tiny explosion" 120
	explode "small explosion" 60
	explode "medium explosion" 70
	explode "large explosion" 50
	explode "huge explosion" 15
	"final explode" "final explosion large"

> 	description "While perhaps, at first, seeming like a super sized 'olofez-Class Carried Chaser, the 'nra'ret-Class Chaser is not only the first truly new ship design the Exiles have fielded since the Exodus but also the first purposed directly towards combat usage instead of needing to also double as population and supply housing. Its size and non-modular nature also means it must be constructed wholesale at the largest Korath facilities, something that, until recently, was generally reserved for the likes of the massive Ik'atilajej and the Korsmanath A'awoj."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "While perhaps, at first, seeming like a super-sized 'olofez-Class Carried Chaser, the 'nra'ret-Class Chaser is not only the first truly new ship design the Exiles have fielded since the Exodus but also the first purposed directly towards combat usage instead of needing to also double as population and supply housing. Its size and non-modular nature also means it must be constructed wholesale at the largest Korath facilities, something that, until recently, was generally reserved for the likes of the massive Ik'atilajej and the Korsmanath A'awoj."
```

> 	description "While perhaps, at first, seeming like a super-sized 'olofez-Class Carried Chaser, the 'nra'ret-Class Chaser is not only the first truly new ship design the Exiles have fielded since the Exodus but also the first purposed directly towards combat usage instead of needing to also double as population and supply housing. Its size and non-modular nature also means it must be constructed wholesale at the largest Korath facilities, something that, until recently, was generally reserved for the likes of the massive Ik'atilajej and the Korsmanath A'awoj."

Reviewer 4: The first sentence is a bit too long for my taste; should be fine otherwise.

Author: Eh, it shouldn't really be a problem then. Raven is known for her extravagant writing ;P

> 	description "While perhaps, at first, seeming like a super sized 'olofez-Class Carried Chaser, the 'nra'ret-Class Chaser is not only the first truly new ship design the Exiles have fielded since the Exodus but also the first purposed directly towards combat usage instead of needing to also double as population and supply housing. It's size and non-modular nature also means it must be constructed wholesale at the largest Korath facilities, something that, until recently, was generally reserved for the likes of the massive Ik'atilajej and the Korsmanath A'awoj."

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
	description "While perhaps, at first, seeming like a super sized 'olofez-Class Carried Chaser, the 'nra'ret-Class Chaser is not only the first truly new ship design the Exiles have fielded since the Exodus but also the first purposed directly towards combat usage instead of needing to also double as population and supply housing. Its size and non-modular nature also means it must be constructed wholesale at the largest Korath facilities, something that, until recently, was generally reserved for the likes of the massive Ik'atilajej and the Korsmanath A'awoj."
```

> 	description "While perhaps, at first, seeming like a super-sized 'olofez-Class Carried Chaser, the 'nra'ret-Class Chaser is not only the first truly new ship design the Exiles have fielded since the Exodus but also the first purposed directly towards combat usage instead of needing to also double as population and supply housing. Its size and non-modular nature also means it must be constructed wholesale at the largest Korath facilities, something that, until recently, was generally reserved for the likes of the massive Ik'atilajej and the Korsmanath A'awoj."
> 	description "	The 'nra'ret-Class Chaser provides the Exiles with a fast and powerful patrol striker both in support of large raiding fleets and as independent units, and, to this end, is armed with numerous missile ports designed to rain fire on enemies from afar. It also carries a pair of the powerful Korath Infernos and two smaller Fire-Lances allowing it to burn enemies in close quarters."
> 

Reviewer 5: There are *other* new designs, just not warship designs.  Updated weapons per discord & warp's suggestion above.  Added origin story as other ships in #7101 .  Eliminated some wordiness.

```suggestion
	description "While perhaps, at first, seeming like a super-sized 'olofez-Class Carried Chaser, the 'nra'ret-Class Chaser is not only the first truly unique warship design the Exiles have fielded since the Exodus, but also the first built solely for combat instead of needing to double as a habitat or supply ship. Its size and non-modular nature also means it must be constructed wholesale at the largest Korath facilities, something that, until recently, was generally reserved for the likes of the massive Ik'atilajej and the Korsmanath A'awoj."
	description "	The 'nra'ret-Class Chaser, named in honor of a brilliant weapons engineer who took their own life to avoid having their secrets captured by a hostile alien force, provides the Exiles with a fast and powerful patrol striker both in support of large raiding fleets and as independent units. To this end, it is armed with numerous missile ports designed to rain fire on enemies from afar. It also carries a pair of langrage heavers for sustained operations, and two Fire-Lances for emergency use in close quarters."

```

> 	description "The 'nra'ret-Class Chaser provides the Exiles with a fast and powerful patrol striker both in support of large raiding fleets and as independent units, and, to this end, is armed with numerous missile ports designed to rain fire on enemies from afar. It also carries a pair of the powerful Korath Infernos and two smaller heat lances to continue burning enemies in close quarters as well."

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
	description "	The 'nra'ret-Class Chaser provides the Exiles with a fast and powerful patrol striker both in support of large raiding fleets and as independent units, and, to this end, is armed with numerous missile ports designed to rain fire on enemies from afar. It also carries a pair of the powerful Korath Infernos and two smaller heat lances to continue burning enemies in close quarters as well."
```

> 	description "	The 'nra'ret-Class Chaser provides the Exiles with a fast and powerful patrol striker both in support of large raiding fleets and as independent units, and, to this end, is armed with numerous missile ports designed to rain fire on enemies from afar. It also carries a pair of the powerful Korath Infernos and two smaller heat lances to continue burning enemies in close quarters as well."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "	The 'nra'ret-Class Chaser provides the Exiles with a fast and powerful patrol striker both in support of large raiding fleets and as independent units, and, to this end, is armed with numerous missile ports designed to rain fire on enemies from afar. It also carries a pair of the powerful Korath Infernos and two smaller heat lances so that it is able to burn enemies in close quarters as well."
```

> 	description "	The 'nra'ret-Class Chaser provides the Exiles with a fast and powerful patrol striker both in support of large raiding fleets and as independent units, and, to this end, is armed with numerous missile ports designed to rain fire on enemies from afar. It also carries a pair of the powerful Korath Infernos and two smaller heat lances so that it is able to burn enemies in close quarters as well."

Reviewer 4: Maybe heat lances should be capitalized to match the outfit name, but I guess technically this also works.

Author: Since heat lances are descriptors here and not referencing a specific outfit/title/name, I think this is fine.

Author: Now that I think about it, it's not the same as saying "missile" when referring to things, since "heat lances" are more specific. I'll use the caps in this case.

Author: Actually I'll just say Fire-Lances.

> 	description "	The 'nra'ret-Class Chaser provides the Exiles with a fast and powerful patrol striker both in support of large raiding fleets and as independent units, and, to this end, is armed with numerous missile ports designed to rain fire on enemies from afar. It also carries a pair of the powerful Korath Infernos and two smaller heat lances so that it is able to burn enemies in close quarters as well."

Reviewer 4: Optional suggestion for readability.
```suggestion
	description "	The 'nra'ret-Class Chaser provides the Exiles with a fast and powerful patrol striker both in support of large raiding fleets and as independent units, and, to this end, is armed with numerous missile ports designed to rain fire on enemies from afar. It also carries a pair of the powerful Korath Infernos and two smaller heat lances making it able to burn enemies in close quarters as well."
```

Author: How about just "and two smaller heat lances allowing it to burn enemies in close quarters."?

Author: @roadrunner56 Thoughts?

Reviewer 2: Sounds good.

	description `Constant warfare against surrounding aliens has been building pressure on Korath shipyards to recover some of their ancient prowess. Now, with a fresh industrial network to support their endeavors, the shipwrights of the Korath have updated the design to deal with modern targets.`

> ship "Korath Ravager"

Reviewer 8: Question: The name here is "Korath Ravager" and the description calls it a "'nra'ret-Class Chaser." I think I must have missed the discussion regarding its name.

Shouldn't this be consistent one way or the other (preferably its actual Korath name, rather than having the Korath prefix)

> 	sprite "ship/nraret"
> 	thumbnail "thumbnail/nraret"

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
	sprite "ship/-nra-ret"
	thumbnail "thumbnail/-nra-ret"
```

		angle 190
	gun 98 75 "Firelight Missile Bank"
		angle 170
	turret -32.5 -53.5 "Langrage Hyper-Heaver"
	turret 32.5 -53.5 "Langrage Hyper-Heaver"
	turret 0 -23 "Korath Warder"
	explode "tiny explosion" 120
	explode "small explosion" 60
	explode "medium explosion" 70
	explode "large explosion" 50
	explode "huge explosion" 15
	"final explode" "final explosion large"
	description "While perhaps, at first, seeming like a super-sized 'olofez-Class Carried Chaser, the 'nra'ret-Class Chaser is not only the first truly unique warship design the Exiles have fielded since the Exodus, but also the first built solely for combat instead of needing to double as a habitat or supply ship. Its size and non-modular nature also means it must be constructed wholesale at the largest Korath facilities, something that, until recently, was generally reserved for the likes of the massive Ik'atilajej and the Korsmanath A'awoj."

> 	description "	The 'nra'ret-Class Chaser, named in honor of a brilliant weapons engineer who took their own life to avoid having their secrets captured by a hostile alien force, provides the Exiles with a fast and powerful patrol striker both in support of large raiding fleets and as independent units. To this end, it is armed with numerous missile ports designed to rain fire on enemies from afar. It also carries a pair of langrage heavers for sustained operations, and two Fire-Lances for emergency use in close quarters."

Reviewer 4: I assume the `langrage heavers` doesn't use the exact outfit name on purpose.

Reviewer 5: It seemed unnecessary to me to be that specific, "langrage heavers" flows more naturally into something one would actually say vs. the technical title Langrage Hyper-Heavers.

	explode "huge explosion" 15
	"final explode" "final explosion large"
	description "While perhaps, at first, seeming like a super-sized 'olofez-Class Carried Chaser, the 'nra'ret-Class Chaser is not only the first truly new ship design the Exiles have fielded since the Exodus but also the first purposed directly towards combat usage instead of needing to also double as population and supply housing. Its size and non-modular nature also means it must be constructed wholesale at the largest Korath facilities, something that, until recently, was generally reserved for the likes of the massive Ik'atilajej and the Korsmanath A'awoj."

> 	description "	The 'nra'ret-Class Chaser provides the Exiles with a fast and powerful patrol striker both in support of large raiding fleets and as independent units, and, to this end, is armed with numerous missile ports designed to rain fire on enemies from afar. It also carries a pair of the powerful Korath Infernos and two smaller heat lances allowing to burn enemies in close quarters."

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description "	The 'nra'ret-Class Chaser provides the Exiles with a fast and powerful patrol striker both in support of large raiding fleets and as independent units, and, to this end, is armed with numerous missile ports designed to rain fire on enemies from afar. It also carries a pair of the powerful Korath Infernos and two smaller heat lances allowing it to burn enemies in close quarters."
```
It could also be something like `allowing burning enemies` if you prefer that.

Author: That sounds a bit odd to me. I think we're fine with the "allowing it to burn".
